#Documentation##Installation:This software is designed to run on an NVIDIA GPU and makes use of the CUDA toolkit. ###From source:Create a conda environment with python3 installed:`conda create -n SM python=3`####Install dependencies:`conda install numpy==1.23.5 scipy pyyaml``conda install -c conda-forge obspy``conda install -c conda-forge cupy`####Install SeisMatch:`pip install .``cd` inside the SeismicMatch project folder that contains "setup.py"e.g. `cd ~/Downloads/SeismicMatch`####File formats:##Example:`cd example_data`The project configuration file (`config.yaml`) contains all importantparameters and data descriptors. All scripts should be executed from withinthis folder. The prerequisites for starting a new project are:- continuous data obervations in a format readable by ObsPy.- a starting catalog for which templates should be extracted.- a project configuration file called `config.yaml`This folder contains sample data from the *CX* network in northern Chilefor a single day in the folder `data_CX`. The `metadata` folder containsstation metadata (`stations.xml`) for each of the stations. The file`sippl_catalog_sample.xml` contains a sample from the IPOC seismicity catalogfor northern Chile ([Sippl et al., 2023](https://doi.org/10.5880/GFZ.4.1.2023.004)).The first step is to extract template waveforms for the events in the samplecatalog using the script `create_templates`.`create_templates sippl_catalog_sample.xml`This creates a two folders `templates` and `events` within the projectdirectory. The config file `config.yaml` allows you to define different namesand locations, as well as to set all the relevant parameter settings.- preprocessed template waveforms will be written to the `templates` folder  in MSEED format.- 